feat(sbb-tooltip): add sbb-tooltip-trigger (#1528)
lyne-design-system/lyne-components: src/components/sbb-tooltip-trigger/readme.md

# sbb-tooltip-trigger

> The `sbb-tooltip-trigger` component is used to trigger a tooltip by pressing a button. By default is rendered a `sbb-icon`. It is possible to override the `sbb-icon` with custom contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sbb-tooltip-trigger` component is used to trigger a tooltip by pressing a button. By default it renders the `sbb-icon` `information-circle-small`. With the property `icon-name` it is possible to define a custom icon. Moreover, it is possible to override the `sbb-icon` with custom content by slotting it.
```

## Usage

The examples below shows how to use the component with the `<sbb-icon>` and custom content.
 

>  ```html

Reviewer: Please use a ```html for each example with a short title.
